CG1111A|Engineering Principles and Practice I|4|This course is the first of the two Engineering Principles and Practice (EPP) courses taken by computer engineering students, which aim to inculcate in them the computer engineer's way of thinking. They are first taught the fundamental principles of electronic circuits through experiential learning, along which they also build up their hands-on circuit designing, building, and debugging skills. They are then guided to apply these principles and skills to build a sensor-assisted autonomous robotic vehicle as a grand finale challenge. Upon completing the course, they can appreciate the importance of circuits, signals, and sensors in system implementation.

CS1010|Programming Methodology|4|This course introduces the fundamental concepts of problem solving by computing and programming using an imperative programming language. It is the first and foremost introductory course to computing. Topics covered include computational thinking and computational problem solving, designing and specifying an algorithm, basic problem formulation and problem solving approaches, program development, coding, testing and debugging, fundamental programming constructs (variables, types, expressions, assignments, functions, control structures, etc.), fundamental data structures (arrays, strings, composite data types), basic sorting, and recursion.

EG1311|Design and Make|4|This course covers the fundamentals of engineering design and prototyping. Students will learn design principles and tools through lectures and engage in experiential learning through group design projects. A stage-based design process will be covered. Students will develop skills in Arduino-controlled electronics, CAD modelling, and rapid prototyping to demonstrate their ideas.

MA1511|Engineering Calculus|2|This is a seven-week course specially designed for students majoring in Engineering. It introduces the basic concepts in one variable and several variable calculus with applications in engineering. Main topics: One variable calculus. Power series. Partial differentiation. Multiple integrals. Vector Calculus.

MA1512|Differential Equations for Engineering|2|This is a seven-week course specially designed for students majoring in Engineering. It introduces the basic concepts in the study of differential equations, with an emphasis on applications in engineering and other fields. Major topics include modelling with differential equations, first-order ordinary differential equations, higher-order linear differential equations, the Laplace transform, and partial differential equations.

GESS1020|Singapore Society|4|This course adopts an interdisciplinary approach to understanding key features of Singapore society such as government and politics, crime and deviance, education, social inequality, urbanization and the environment, migration, gender, and sexuality. Using conceptual and empirical insights from academic scholarship on Singapore society by political scientists, geographers, and sociologists, students will be taught to critically examine the structural complexities and challenges surrounding important social issues as well as their developments over the course of Singapore's recent history.